Add the security how to (#64)
canonical-ols/snapstore-snap-docs: docs/en/security.md

# Enhance Enterprise Store's security

## Enable HTTPS
TLS termination is not enabled by default. This means that the Enterprise Store
listens only on port 80 for plain text HTTP traffic after installation. If the
Enterprise Store was [registered](register.md) with an `--https` option, the
resulting [assertion](devices.md) instructing client devices to connect to the
Enterprise Store instead of the upstream store, is pointing those devices to use
HTTPS to connect to the Enterprise Store.

This section explains how to enable and configure TLS termination in the
Enterprise Store.

### Certificate and Key

Obtain an x509 key and certificate pair for your Enterprise Store domain (as
well as any relevant intermediate certificates if applicable). You can determine
the domain by running:

>     snap-proxy config proxy.domain

Reviewer: (which needs to be fixed everywhere... which I will do with some other updates coming through. Never mind this suggestion.

out the address of currently configured database:

```
$ snap-store-proxy config | grep db\.connection
proxy.db.connection: postgresql://snapproxy:<redacted>@10.126.46.135:5432/snapproxy
```

The result should contain the location of the database. In the example above it's
10.126.46.135. We can add a firewall rule to allow outgoing traffic to the database:

```
$ sudo ufw allow out from any to 10.126.46.135 port 5432
```

Note that by default, outgoing traffic is allowed by ``ufw``.

We can deny any other outgoing traffic from this host:

```
$ sudo ufw default deny outgoing
```

But this will impact its ability to:

- work correctly in the online mode
- and receive software updates.

So only do this when you've ensured that it can access the required resources.
For Enterprise Store online (default) mode
[network requirements](https://snapcraft.io/docs/network-requirements) apply.

Note that it's possible to configure the Enterprise Store to use an HTTP
forwarding proxy (like Squid) to proxy any outgoing HTTPS traffic.
Example:

```
$ sudo snap-store-proxy config proxy.https.proxy=http://squid.internal:3128
$ sudo ufw allow out from any to <squid IP address> 3128
```

> By doing the above and configuring Squid to only allow traffic to the required
> domains as noted in
> [network requirements](https://snapcraft.io/docs/network-requirements), you can
> limit the blast radius from potential vulnerabilities, if you also ensure that
> it's only possible to talk to the outside world via that Squid proxy by
> employing firewall rules.

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): This is a bit of a conditional heavy sentence/paragraph.

```suggestion
By configuring Squid to only allow traffic to the
[required domains](https://snapcraft.io/docs/network-requirements), and
ensuring external communication is routed through the Squid proxy using
appropriate firewall rules, you can limit the blast radius of potential
vulnerabilities.
```
